the Avalon hotel is located at 124
Whitley Avenue in Catalina Island were
just a block up from the beach areas
from the Main Street and we've built our
building in a Craftsman style we've used
the color schemes of yellow with green
trim and as you walk up the stairs
you'll see tiles that were made by a
local artist indicative of what was done
here in the 20s and 30s and we've also
pulled some of those tiles into the
courtyard patio area if you look on the
side of the building and around our koi
pond people enjoy viewing our koi fish
and just enjoy the sound of the fountain
that's nice and relaxing out here and we
also have a fire pit that we light in
the evenings that a lot of people enjoy
sitting around as well we have three
types of rooms we have our garden view
rooms which all have king-size beds we
have balcony view rooms that have
partial ocean views from out on the
balconies then we have five ocean view
rooms that are all configurated a little
bit differently our top of your room is
room 301 with a private wraparound
balcony and a private wet bar that you
can enjoy nice views of the ocean with
private lounge chairs out front
we've done a vessel sink in the
bathrooms to try to make a little bit
more space on our counters each of our
rooms have a small fridge rater a
microwave a safe and coffee service for
each of our guests to use our rooftop
deck is there for everybody to enjoy
got some nice tables and chairs and a
couple of lounge chairs has a 360 degree
view of the town of Avalon as well as
the bay beautiful ocean view from up
there we operate our small boutique
hotel a little more like a
bed-and-breakfast
our innkeepers pride themselves on
offering concierge style customer
service and making every guest feel
they're part of the family and we hope
we can make your stay as enjoyable as
possible and share Catalina Island with
you on your next stay here please visit
our website or call us at 310 510 seven
zero seven zero